>6/28/2014 CA USA

Fellows,
	
Now we are going to write our CPU. In order to make our team work more efficient, we’ve chosen GitHub as our version control tool. Now I want to spend a couple of minutes to show you some basic usage (usages? Whatever…) of GitHub.

My `ISE` is on linux (which I think is also the case for you guys), which means it is better that I use GitHub on linux too.

## A brief intro to linux terminal (command line)
Just check this website.

[http://web.stanford.edu/class/cs107/guide_unix.html](http://web.stanford.edu/class/cs107/guide_unix.html)

Basically what you should know are:

	cd
	ls
	mkdir
	rm

## SSH Connection

In linux, we first need to setup a valid connection to GitHub, and such connection is called ‘ssh’.

Open the terminal (Ctrl + Alt + T in linux). First type (change `phisiart@gmail.com` to your GitHub account):

	ssh-keygen –t rsa –C “phisiart@gmail.com”

Then the terminal would display something like this:

	Generating public/private rsa key pair.
	Enter file in which to save the key (/home/johnson/.ssh/id_rsa):

Press ENTER to save the file.

Then the terminal would let you input a password.

	Created directory '/home/johnson/.ssh'.
	Enter passphrase (empty for no passphrase):

Enter a password, and the terminal lets you confirm it.

	Enter same passphrase again:

You enter the password again and the key file is saved.

	Your identification has been saved in /home/johnson/.ssh/id_rsa.
	Your public key has been saved in /home/johnson/.ssh/id_rsa.pub.

Now you have to open the `id_rsa.pub` file that we've just created (see the message above). Please type (change `johnson` to whatever username it appears in your case):

	vi /home/johnson/.ssh/id_rsa.pub

Then a pretty messy file appears. Selete the whole file, copy it (Ctrl + Shift + C in linux).

Now open `github.com` in your browser and enter `Account settings -> SSH Keys`.

Add an SSH key. You may type whatever title you like, but the key should be what we've just copied from the messy file.

Now that we've created the SSH key. We should be able to connect to GitHub through the terminal.

Back in the terminal, type:

	ssh -T git@github.com

Then the terminal would display something like

	The authenticity of host 'github.com (204.232.175.90)' can't be established.
	RSA key fingerprint is 16:27:ac:a5:76:28:2d:36:63:1b:56:4d:eb:df:a6:48.
	Are you sure you want to continue connecting (yes/no)?

You type `yes`, press ENTER, and there we're done.

	Hi phisiart! You've successfully authenticated, but GitHub does not provide shell access.

### How do I do this in Windows?
There are some tools to "simulate" the linux terminal. I'm using [MobaXTerm](http://mobaxterm.mobatek.net/ "MobaXTerm") now. It even fakes a `home` folder for you.

Note that there is one issue with it. When you type `ssh -T git@github.com` in MobaXTerm, it will reject you, saying that your `id_rsa` file is not safe. In this case, you should type the following 2 commands:

	chgrp Users ~/.ssh/id_rsa
	chmod 600 ~/.ssh/id_rsa

Then the SSH will be as fine as in linux.

## Cloning the project
Now we are going to use GitHub. In whatever folder you like, type:

	git clone git@github.com:phisiart/CPU.git

It is possible that the terminal rejects you because you haven't installed git on your computer yet. In this case you need to install it with the command:
	
	sudo apt-get install git

If you're using MobaXTerm, you have to go to [http://mobaxterm.mobatek.net/plugins.html](http://mobaxterm.mobatek.net/plugins.html) and install the git "plugin" before you use git.

After cloning, we should see a folder called `CPU`. In which is some code I've written.

## Using Git
After you make some change to the code. You may want to `save a version of the code`, and this is what we call a `commit`.

In the `CPU` folder, type:

	git add -A

This command lets git to track all files in the folder. Then type:

	git commit -m "I've made a commit! Cool!"

The `-m` flag means `message`, and the message in the `""` is what you wanna say about this commit.

Now we've committed, we can check it by:

	git log

There are a bunch of commits, and your commit will be listed at the top.

Saving a version on your local computer is not very superb. What you want is to synchronize it on the server. Type:

	git push

Then the server will have your version.

Of course other people could have made some change to the repository, and you should have that on your computer. i.e. The server has newer versions and you want to synchronize them. Type:

	git pull

And you'll be fine.

## Something about code style
A good code style is always impressive. You might want to check [http://web.stanford.edu/class/cs107/landmarks.html]() but it is not necessary.

Generally speaking, what we need are:

#### Identify your change to the code

As you might have seen, in every file, I've written something like:

	// Zhixun TAN
	// Created: 2014/6/14
	// Last modified: 2014/6/15

If you have modified the file, it's better that other people could easily find it out.

#### Good indentation and comments

I believe this is not what we should be talking a lot about. We all know what that is.


> Zhixun Tan<br />
> Dept. of Electronic Engineering, Tsinghua University<br />
> Stanford Summer Session 2014<br />
> tanzx940228@hotmail.com<br />
> (+86)18800112138

